# getting acquainted
At this point I've spent several hours with fastai and associated resources. Before starting, I'd looked at it carefully enough in the past so I was confident I'd like their approach. Expectation confirmed.
## gradient
I bumbled around a bit choosing an initial machine/server.  Settled on [Paperspace Gradient](https://www.paperspace.com/). I would have moved faster had I started with [Gradient tutorial part 1](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iv5re-8_iR0). Gradient provides a far more powerful platform than I expected. I suspect I will not soon move to a full on linux host. Looks like its rich environment will compensate for some of the limitations of notebooks. 
## workflows
I suspect, but cannot currently prove, that Gradient Workflows will solve many operational issues I've encountered with R and raw Jupyter notebooks. Right now, I need to focus on the first few fastai chapters.
## surprise
I saw an early version of the first video more than a year ago, but did not run any code. The separation of the book form of a notebook from the stripped version was interesting. In the past, I must have missed the section showing the diverse problems an image classifier can address. I'm a bit embarrassed that I was surprised. Mainly, I'm delighted with the breadth of problems discussed in the first chapter. 
## forum
The [fastai forum](https://forums.fast.ai/c/part1-v4/46) helped me resolve my initial confusion over the manual check of my model against an arbitrary cat image. Since Gradient allows me to save my own version of the chapter, I modified it a bit so I won't be confused if I show the chapter to others. My memory can be short and making the change right in the context of the code that will execute is a key aspect of Jupyter. I wish Jupyter had an id for each cell. It would be cool if cells were blocks like in Roam Research so that the overall work were hyperlinked into a graph. Perhaps it is and I'm just not there yet.
## summary
Had I realized how quickly I'd be up and running, I would have jumped on fastai sooner. 
